Dear all,

     Today is my last day in Bull. It is my time now to say good bye to every one of you.

     With saying good bye, I have quite complex emotion now. I still remember 2001/10/15 was my first day in Bull, even today I still keep the first welcome letter from HR when I was entering Bull. Thanks Bull to give me chance when I needed it most. 10 years and 8 months, it is not short time in one’s life. And during first 9 and half years I can say I was quite happy about my Bull life. Bull gave me courage, passion, and helped me to reach some dreams. For these years in Bull, I especially thank to Michel Bahurlet, Pierre Bruschini, Albert Gallina, Yaroslav Logchev etc, and other people left Bull already like Jean-Francois, Wu Jing, and even Feng Minggang. You teach me how to enrich myself , how to be professional people and what is responsibility and loyalty . At same time, I also appreciate the dear colleagues whom I was working with, although I don’t speak out all of your names. Thanks your help and hard working, we have reached great achievement together before. I still was proud of that. Thanks Lisa Ge, thanks for your coordination we did together before, you helped us to hire some excellent people to work with to finish some projects. Thanks Dai Ying, Xiao Song, Xiao Deng, thanks for your cooperation to let me not to worry about Dollars or Euros when I was traveling :-). Thanks Li Gong, with your patience, I can reinstall my systems from time to time : - ). All of you are the people I cherish in my mind. And all the experience working with you will be scripted in my memory for goods.

     In order to keep my dreams and passion, I chose to leave Bull for I almost lost them. Thanks when life is closing one window but opening another one at same time. Hope every one to keep your dream and passion for life is just single trip. Keep you your ticket and don’t waste it. :-D

Great wishes for Bull to have prosperous future as I always wish it.

 

Good bye everybody, with tears and smiling when I’m saying it.  And it is really hard for me to say it after 10 years and 8 months.

Let us keep in touch for we still can meet somewhere and earth is round. My mobile will be open for you +8613910170042 or you can write mail to shashacn@yahoo.com.cn. Or you can chat with me on MSN( shasha0114@msn.com ), skype( shashacn ) even you can see my updates in Weibo( shashacn ).

 

Best Regards

Sha Sha
